Fixes learning rate and momentum definitions (#1498)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/algorithms.md

Parameter | Type   | Description | Default Value
:--- |:--- | :--- | :---

> learningRate | Double | The gradient descent step size at each iteration when moving toward a minimum of a loss function or optimal value. | 0.01

Reviewer: ```suggestion
learningRate | Double |  The step size at each iteration that the gradient descends when moving toward a minimum loss of function or optimal value. | 0.01
```

Reviewer: was a bit confused sentence order. suggested clarification

momentumFactor | Double | The extra weight factors that accelerate the rate at which the weight is adjusted. This helps move the minimization routine out of local minima.  | 0

> epsilon | Double | The criteria used to identify a linear model | 1.00E-06 

Author: @Zhangxunmt @ylwu-amzn: Could we copy the definitions for epsilon, beta1, beta2, and decayRate from the Logistic Regression section so they are as follows:
| epsilon | Double | The value for stabilizing gradient inversion | 0.1 |
| beta1 | Double | The exponential decay rates for the moment estimates | 0.9 |
| beta2 | Double | The exponential decay rates for the moment estimates | 0.99 |
| decayRate | Double | The Root Mean Squared Propagation (RMSProp) | 0.9 |

Or do these not mean the same thing in this context? Thanks!

Author: Sure, thank you @Zhangxunmt!

Author: @greaa-aws: thank you for following up! Please feel free to suggest other documentation improvements so we can implement them.
